I have a background in realesate and construction. I love to create and build projects. Working hands on and watching growth personaly and with in a project. It drives me and modivates me to see progression in my skill set. I started build small games at a young age which striked my interest in development. I ended finding a bootcamp to get my foot in the door into the industry.I was taught to be a full stack developer and Built about over 20 apps. I love to learn and can learn quickly. I have a passions for success and want to succeed on everthing I work on, and I will bring that work ethic to you company and success.


To Ask Future employers!
What does it take to be successful here?

What are you hoping I’d accomplish in the first year here?

How often do you promote people internally?

What has been your best experience working here?

After I master the basics here, what opportunities are provided for continued learning and career growth?

What are the next steps in the interview process and when can I expect to hear back?


Star Questions
Tell me about a mistake you’ve made. How did you handle it?

There was a time where we painted a customers house and the siding of the house had waxbleed. waxbleed makes it impossible for paint to stick to the house. The client lied about the last time the house was painted. We blamed ourselves becasue we did not test the house for this before painting. The Only way to fix the problem was to scrap off all the paint and repaint, but with a oil based paint. So we informed the client that since we did not test the house for this problem we would there do the repairs for free to keep the client happy. We Completed the job and the client was happy with the result and how we handled the sitution and went on to refer us to many more clients.

Describe a time when you had to deliver bad news. How did you do it?

As a painter and a bussiness own you rely on product from bigger companies. During the pandiemic paint and all supplies were in high demand with very low inventory. I would have to delay clients projects from set backs, do to the product shortages. When this happen I would comunicate with clients often and always try and get the supplier to upgrade products for the troubles. At the end the clients would but happy with the result and that they where give a higher grade product.

Have you ever had to motivate others? How did you do it?

I would always work beside my employees. When they started to slow down or slack off I would give them a clear task and a goal in mind. When they had a goal or a set task and they also see me working hard they would follow suit. If they seem tired I would give them a break and would take a break with them and just socialize. This made the work enviorment better and we got more done quicker.

Describe a time when you had a conflict with a colleague. How did you handle it?

 I was working on a small team of developers trying to slove a more complex issue. We all had different ideas on how to solve the problem. I had a team mate that was very stuck in there ways and didnt listen to others opinions or advice. I tried speaking out in this situation and explaining to this individual with no luck. I then tried to ask other members of my team if they felt the same. We all agreed and decide to bring it together with out directly calling this individual out. They were able to see there faults and we as a team work together more efficiently and  finish the project.


